README.md, before:

# Data Science Portfolio
A personal repository containing some small data science related projects with the goal of learning some interesting techniques and algorithms.

The tool of choice is Python using Scikit-Learn and Tensorflow API in Jupyter notebooks.

## Content Highlights

- ### Directed Projects

	- The following are a few highlights from Google's [Machine Learning Course](https://developers.google.com/machine-learning/crash-course/) and the [O'Reilly Machine Learning Book](http://shop.oreilly.com/product/0636920052289.do).
	- [Predicting real estate values](https://github.com/dhensle/dabbles-in-ML/blob/master/oreilly/ch2-housing_project.ipynb) including data pipeline and hyperparameter searching.
	- [Predict movies as favorable using text reviews](https://github.com/dhensle/dabbles-in-ML/blob/master/google_course/sparse_data_and_embeddings.ipynb) done with an embedding and a deep neural network
	- [Classification](https://github.com/dhensle/dabbles-in-ML/blob/master/oreilly/ch3-mnist_classification.ipynb) training with MNIST data
	- [MNIST digit classification](https://github.com/dhensle/dabbles-in-ML/blob/master/google_course/multi-class_classification_digits.ipynb) using a multilayer perceptron neural network
	- An in-depth look at [training models](https://github.com/dhensle/dabbles-in-ML/blob/master/oreilly/ch4-model_training.ipynb) including linear, logistic, and softmax regression with gradient descent and direct parameter optimization
	- [Image classification](https://github.com/dhensle/dabbles-in-ML/blob/master/google_course/CatsvsDogs.ipynb) to distinguish between images of cats and dogs using a convolutional neural network

- ### Other Projects
	
	- [Image classification](https://github.com/dhensle/dabbles-in-ML/blob/master/intel_image_classification/intel_image_classification.ipynb) using a convolutional neutral network to distinguish between 6 sets of pictures: glaciers, mountains, streets, buildings, forest, or sea
	- [KMeans clustering](https://github.com/dhensle/dabbles-in-ML/blob/master/mall_customer/mall_customer_clustering.ipynb) on a small set of mall customer data
	- [Diabetes prediction](https://github.com/dhensle/dabbles-in-ML/blob/master/diabetes/diabetes-classifier.ipynb) using three different types of supervised learning algorithms: k-Nearest neighbor, random forest, and naive bayes
	- [Investigation of Suicide Data](https://github.com/dhensle/dabbles-in-ML/blob/master/suicide_study/suicide_study.ipynb) from around the world with pandas manipulation and seaborn plotting

Commit message:

added dimensionality reduction and ensemble to readme

README.md, after:

# Data Science Portfolio
A personal repository containing some small data science related projects with the goal of learning some interesting techniques and algorithms.

The tool of choice is Python using Scikit-Learn and Tensorflow API in Jupyter notebooks.

## Content Highlights

- ### Directed Projects

	- The following are a few highlights from Google's [Machine Learning Course](https://developers.google.com/machine-learning/crash-course/) and the [O'Reilly Machine Learning Book](http://shop.oreilly.com/product/0636920052289.do).
	- [Predicting real estate values](https://github.com/dhensle/dabbles-in-ML/blob/master/oreilly/ch2-housing_project.ipynb) including data pipeline and hyperparameter searching.
	- [Predict movies as favorable using text reviews](https://github.com/dhensle/dabbles-in-ML/blob/master/google_course/sparse_data_and_embeddings.ipynb) done with an embedding and a deep neural network
	- [Classification](https://github.com/dhensle/dabbles-in-ML/blob/master/oreilly/ch3-mnist_classification.ipynb) training with MNIST data
	- [MNIST digit classification](https://github.com/dhensle/dabbles-in-ML/blob/master/google_course/multi-class_classification_digits.ipynb) using a multilayer perceptron neural network
	- An in-depth look at [training models](https://github.com/dhensle/dabbles-in-ML/blob/master/oreilly/ch4-model_training.ipynb) including linear, logistic, and softmax regression with gradient descent and direct parameter optimization
	- [Image classification](https://github.com/dhensle/dabbles-in-ML/blob/master/google_course/CatsvsDogs.ipynb) to distinguish between images of cats and dogs using a convolutional neural network
	- An overview of common [Dimensionality Reduction](https://github.com/dhensle/dabbles-in-ML/blob/master/oreilly/ch8-dimensionality_reduction.ipynb) techniques
	- [Ensemble modeling](https://github.com/dhensle/dabbles-in-ML/blob/master/oreilly/ch7-ensemble_learning_and_random_forests.ipynb) including random forests and boosting

- ### Other Projects
	
	- [Image classification](https://github.com/dhensle/dabbles-in-ML/blob/master/intel_image_classification/intel_image_classification.ipynb) using a convolutional neutral network to distinguish between 6 sets of pictures: glaciers, mountains, streets, buildings, forest, or sea
	- [KMeans clustering](https://github.com/dhensle/dabbles-in-ML/blob/master/mall_customer/mall_customer_clustering.ipynb) on a small set of mall customer data
	- [Diabetes prediction](https://github.com/dhensle/dabbles-in-ML/blob/master/diabetes/diabetes-classifier.ipynb) using three different types of supervised learning algorithms: k-Nearest neighbor, random forest, and naive bayes
	- [Investigation of Suicide Data](https://github.com/dhensle/dabbles-in-ML/blob/master/suicide_study/suicide_study.ipynb) from around the world with pandas manipulation and seaborn plotting
